Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-countDocuments.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::countDocuments()
=====================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Count documents in a collection matching filter criteria using `MongoDB\Collection::countDocuments()` with various options for customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Count documents in a collection matching a filter criteria with the MongoDB PHP Library with various options for customization.
```
